i can't handle seeing my brother scared
i get scared when my brother gets scared
because we are like
so close like we are the closest from
the family we heard
lots of explosions we heard lots of kids
who are screaming
for help and we heard lots of mothers
crying for their children
i feel scared and terrified but i hide
it from my little brother because
i don't want him to feel like he's not
secured in
gaza because it's his real home i want
him to feel like
he's safe in his home
seeing the buildings fall down and
seeing the water
seeing people like this is not
safe i get scared from dark i don't like
the darkness
so when the luxury turns off i don't
like it
it scares me my mom was scared for her
kids
my dad was also scared for his kids me
and my brothers are scared for each
other so
we always try to be together because if
we die together that will be the best
thing because we can still see
each other when we go to heaven
so this is the bomb shelter and when we
hear a cold red
and then lots of sirens we run into here
and we close the door
and we lie down on the bed because they
say we should lie down and we wait here
10 minutes
i always sleep in here since the fires
because i'm scared
and i don't want to wake up in the
middle of the night for it he's here
when i hear the showings i run for my
life like it's really scary
it's here you have to run i try to
not think about this because i tried to
do stuff that are more fun
like play with my car
with that thing and just be on my phone
and i just try to get take time because
the funnier it is the faster time goes
and the less you have to think about the
bombs and how scary it is
hi guys welcome back to another video
today i just want to talk about how was
my day
my day was really great
i have lots of dreams and things that i
want to do
in the future and one of those things is
to
study really hard and become a doctor
and the second thing of those is to
make more messages to the to the people
out there
and tell them what's happening in
palestine and tell them
what are we going through and again i
want to help
more children and i want to help
children
who get kicked out of their houses
that's another dream of mine
and i have millions of dreams but
i just don't have i'm just tired right
now
my friends they are so scared but they
try not to show it because
sometimes people like say you're a
scaredy cat because
you are scared of their bombs and stuff
we don't go to school
right now because if we go then there's
a bomb
we we are safe there because all of our
classrooms are
bomb shelters but still like they don't
want us to go because it's
still dangerous a normal day is like i
play with my dogs a little bit
and i go to friends all around not only
in the mushroom
and i also like to play upstairs but i
don't really do that anymore because
to get down those stairs is like a lot i
take
my teddy bear sometimes i take my
other teddy bears up there sometimes i
take a rubik's cube
and i take that jumping machine i'm not
sure what it's called
there's just more bombs and it's scary
because before i didn't used to
even get ready to run to the bomb
shelter
you